I mean, I think the cryptocurrency thing is an interesting approach to reducing the error in the database that is called money.

I think I have a pretty deep understanding of what money actually is on a practical day-to-day basis, because of PayPal.

We really got in deep there.

And right now the money system, actually for practical purposes is really a bunch of heterogeneous mainframes running a old COBOL. Literally. In batch mode.

Pity the poor bastards who have to've maintained that code.

Okay. That's pain.

And they still, the banks are still buying mainframes, in 2021, and running engine COBOL code.

The federal reserve is like probably even older than what the banks have, and they have an old COBOL mainframe.

And so the government effectively has editing privileges on the money database. And they use those editing privileges to make more money whenever they want. And this increases the error in the database that is money.

So I think money should really be viewed through the lens of information theory.

You're kinda like an internet connection. Like what's the bandwidth, total bit rate, what is the latency jitter, packet drop, errors in the network communication. Just think of money like that basically. I think that's probably what I really think of it.

And then say what system, from an information theory standpoint, allows an economy to function the best. Crypto is an attempt to reduce the error in money that is contributed by governments diluting the money supply as basically a pernicious form of taxation.

Like I said, just think of money as information, people often will think of money as having power in and of itself.

It does not. Money is information, and it does not have power in and of itself.

Applying the physics tools of thinking about things in the limit is helpful. If you are stranded on a tropical island and you have a trillion dollars, it's useless. 'Cause there's no resource allocation. Money is a database of resource allocation, but there's no resources to allocate except yourself. So money's useless.

If you're stranded on a desert island with no food, all the Bitcoin in the world will not stop you from starving.

Just think of money as a database for resource allocation across time and space.

And then what system, in what form should that database, or data system, what would be most effective?

There is a fundamental issue with, say Bitcoin, in its current form, in that it's, the transaction
volume is very limited. And the latency, the latency, for a properly confirmed transaction is too long, much longer than you'd like. It's actually not great from transaction volume standpoint or latency standpoint.

So it is perhaps useful as, to solve an aspect of the money database problem, which is the sort of store of wealth, or an accounting of relative obligations, I suppose. But it is not useful as a currency, as a day-to-day currency.

let's say like you're operating an economy, and you need to have some thing that allows for the efficient, to have efficient value ratios between products and services.

So you've got this massive number of products and services, and need to, you can't just barter. 'Cause that would be extremely unwieldy.

So you need something that gives you a ratio of exchange between goods and services.

And then, something that allows you to shift obligations across time, like debt, debt and equity shift obligations across time.
