Try to be useful.

Do things that are useful to your fellow human beings, to the world.

It's very hard to be useful. Very hard. Are you contributing more than you consume? Try to have a positive net contribution to society. I think that's the thing to aim for.

Not to try to be sort of a leader for the sake of being a leader or whatever.

A lot of the time people who, a lot of times the people you want as leaders, are the people who don't want to be leaders.

If you're living a useful life, that is a good life, a life worth having lived.

Like I said, I would encourage people to use the mental tools of physics and apply them broadly in life. They are the best tools.

...

I encourage people to read a lot of books. Just read. Basically try to ingest as much information as you can.

And try to also just develop a good general knowledge. So you at least have a rough lay of the land of the knowledge landscape, try to learn a little about a lot of things. 'Cause you might not know what you're really interested.

How would you know what you're really interested in, if you at least aren't like doing it?

Peripheral exploration broadly of the knowledge landscape. And talk to people from different walks of life and different industries, and professions, and skills, and occupations, like just try.

Learn as much as possible.

Be on the search for meaning.

...

Yeah, what's the meaning of life and all?

But just generally, like I said, I would encourage people to read broadly in many different subject areas, and then try to find something where there's an overlap of your talents and what you're interested in.

So people may be good at something. Or they may have skill at a particular thing. But they don't like doing it.

So you wanna try to find a thing that's a good combination of the things that you're
inherently good at, but you also like doing.

...

Well, you gotta learn about things somehow. So reading, a broad range, just really read.

More important was as a kid I read through the encyclopedia. So, that was pretty helpful.

And, there was all sorts of things I didn't even know existed, well lots, obviously.

...

Encyclopedias were suggestible, I think, whatever 40 years ago. Maybe read through like the condensed version of the Encyclopedia Britannica, I'd recommend that.

You can always like skip subjects. So you read a few paragraphs and you know you're not interested, just jump to the next one.

So, read the encyclopedia, or skim through it.

I put a lotta stock and certainly have a lot of respect for someone who puts in an honest day's work to do useful things.

And just generally to have a, not a zero sum mindset, or have more of a grow the pie mindset.

When I see people like, perhaps, including some very smart people, kind of taking an attitude of, I like doing things that seem like morally questionable.

It's often because they have, at a base sort of axiomatic level, a zero sum mindset. And they, without realizing it, they don't realize to
have a zero sum mindset, or at least they don't
realize it consciously.

And so, if you have a zero sum mindset, then the only way to get ahead is by taking things from others.

If the pie is fixed, then the only way to have more pie is to take someone else's pie.

But this is false. Obviously the pie has grown dramatically over time, the economic pie.

In reality, you can have, overuse this analogy, we can have a lot of, there's a lot of pie.

My pie is not fixed. So, you really wanna make sure you're not operating, without realizing it, from a zero sum mindset.

Where the only way to get ahead is to take things from others, then that's gonna result in you trying to take things from others, which is not good.

It's much better to work on adding to the economic pie. Like I said, creating more than you consume. Doing more than you, yeah. So that's a big deal.

I think there's a fair number of people in finance that do have a bit of a zero-sum mindset.
