Saying like, physics is low and everything else was a recommendation.

I've met a lot of people that can break the law, but I have never met anyone who could break physics. So first for any kind of technology problem you have to sort of just make sure you're not violating physics.

First principles analysis, I think, is something that can be applied to really any walk of life, anything really. It's really just saying, let's boil something down to the most fundamental principles, the things that we are most confident are true at a foundational level, and that sets your axiomatic base, and then you reason up from there. And then you cross check your conclusion against the axiomatic truth. Some basics in physics would be like are violating conservation of energy or momentum or something like that, then it's not gonna work. So that's just to establish is it possible?

And then another good physics tool is thinking about things in the limit. If you take a particular thing and you scale it to a very large number or to a very small number, how do things change?

...

Yeah, let's say, take an example of manufacturing, which I think is just a very underrated problem. Like I said, it's much harder to take an advanced technology part and bring it into volume manufacturing, than it is to design it in the first place.

More is magnitude.

So let's say you're trying to figure out, why is this part or product expensive? Is it because of something fundamentally foolish that we're doing? Or is it because our volume is too low?

And so then you say, okay, well what if our volume was a million units a year? Is it still expensive?

That's what I'm radical, thinking about things to the limit.

If it's too expensive at a million units a year, then volume is not the reason why your thing is expensive. There's something fundamental about the design.

...

Gotta change the design to, change the part to be something that is not fundamentally expensive.

That's a common thing in rocketry 'cause the unit volume is relatively low, and so a common excuse would be "Well, it's expensive because our unit volume is low. And if we were in like automotive or something like that, or consumer electronics, then our costs would lower."

I'm like, "Okay, so let's say" we skip, "now you're making a million units a year. Is it still expensive?" If the answer is yes, then economies of scale are not the issue.

...

Yeah. Exactly. Like a good example of thinking about things in the limit is if you take any product, any machine or whatever, like take a rocket or whatever, and say, if you've got, if you look at the raw materials in the rocket, so you're gonna have like aluminum, steel, titanium, Inconel, specialty alloys, copper.

And you say, "What's the weight of the constituent elements of each of these elements, and what is their raw material value?" And that sets the asymptotic limit for how low the cost of the vehicle can be, unless you change the materials.

And then when you do that, I call it like maybe the magic one number or something like that. So that would be like, if you had the, just a pile of these raw materials here, and you could wave a magic wand and rearrange the atoms into the final shape, that would be the lowest possible cost that you could make this thing for, unless you change the materials.

So then, and that is always, almost always a very low number. So then, what's actually causing things to be expensive is how you put the atoms into the desired shape.

...

Yeah. I mean, I think if you are really good at manufacturing, you can basically make, at high volume you can basically make anything for a cost that asymptotically approaches the raw material value of the constituents, plus any intellectual property that you need to license. Anything.

...

But it's hard. It's not like that's a very hard thing to do, but it is possible for anything.

Anything in volume can be made of, like I said, for a cost that asymptotically approaches it's raw material constituents plus intellectual property license rights. So what will often happen in
trying to design a product is people will start with the tools and parts and methods that they are familiar with, and try to create a product using their existing tools and methods.

The other way to think about it is actually imagine the, try to imagine the platonic ideal of the perfect product or technology, whatever it might be, and say, "What is this? What is the perfect arrangement of atoms that would be the best possible product? And now let us try to figure out how to get the atoms in that shape."

...

Well, just as a function of inertia, people will want to use the same tools and methods that they are familiar with. That's what they'll do by default.

...

And then that will lead to an outcome of things that can be made with those tools and methods, but is unlikely to be the platonic ideal of the perfect product.

So that's why it's good to think of things in both directions, so like what can we build with the tools that we have, but also what is the perfect, the theoretical perfect product look like?

And that theoretical perfect product is gonna be a moving target, 'cause as you learn more the definition of that perfect product will change 'cause you don't actually know what the perfect product is, but you can successfully approximate a more perfect product.

So, thinking about it like that, and then saying, "Okay, now what tools, methods, materials, whatever, do we need to create in order to get the atoms in that shape?

But people very rarely think about it that way.

But it's a powerful tool.
