Well, it would be a new frontier and an opportunity to rethink the whole nature of government just as was done in the creation of the United States.

I mean, I would suggest having a direct democracy, like people vote directly on things, as opposed to representative democracy.

So, representative democracy, I think, is too subject to a special interests and coercion of the politicians and that kind of thing.

So I'd recommend that there's just direct democracy.

People vote on laws, the population votes on laws themselves, and then the laws must be short enough that people can understand them. Absolute transparency.

...

Yeah, somebody was like, there's some good intentions of like privacy or whatever, but now everyone's just has to tick accept cookies and it's now, you have billions of people who have to keep clicking accept cookie and it's super annoying.

Just accept the damn cookie, it's fine.

There is like, I think fundamental problem that we're, because we've not really had a major, like a world war or something like that in a while.

And obviously we would like to not have world wars.

There's not been a cleansing function for rules and regulations.

So wars did have some silver lining in that there would be a reset on rules and regulations after a war.

So World Wars I and II there were huge resets on rules and regulations.

If society does not have a war, and there's no cleansing function or garbage collection for rules and regulations, then rules and regulations will accumulate every year 'cause they're immortal.

There's no actual, humans die, but the laws don't.

So, we need a garbage collection function for rules and regulations that should not just be immortal.

'Cause some of the rules and regulations that are put in place will be counterproductive, done with good intentions, but counterproductive. And sometimes not done with good intentions.

If rules and regulations just accumulate every year, and you get more and more of them, then eventually you won't be able to do anything.

You're just like Gulliver with, tied down by thousands of little strings.

And we see that in, U.S. and LA, basically all economies that have been around for awhile, and regulators and legislators create new rules and regulations every year, but they don't put effort
into removing them. And I think that's very important that we put effort into removing rules and regulations.

But it gets tough 'cause you get special interests that then are dependent on, they have a vested interest in that whatever rule regulation and that they, then they fight to not get it removed.

...

So, yeah, something needs to happen or just the civilizations arteries just harden over time. And you can just get less and less done, because there's just a rule against everything.

So I think, I don't know, for Mars, or whatever, I say, or even for here, obviously for Earth as well, I think there should be an active process for removing rules and regulations and questioning their existence.

If we've got a function for creating rules and regulations, 'cause rules and regulations could also think of as like, they're like soft work or lines of code for operating a civilization, that's the rules and regulations.

So it's not like we shouldn't have rules and regulations, but you have your code accumulation, but no code removal. And so it just gets to be become basically archaic bloatware after a while. And it's just, it makes it hard for things to progress.

So, I don't know, maybe Mars you'd have like any given law must have a sunset, and require active voting to keep it up there.

I actually also say like, and these are just, I don't know, recommendations or thoughts, and ultimately will be up to the people on Mars to decide, but I think it should be easier to remove a law than to add one, because of the, just to overcome the inertia of laws.

So, maybe it's like, for argument's sake, you need like say 60% vote to have a law take effect, but only a 40% vote to remove it.
